I've chosen to base my game on the High Middle Ages, a period from about
1000-1300 when the population in Europe exploded. We're not really sure why
this is, but we suspect it may have to do with the Medievil warming period,
when the glaciers retreated and farms became very productive.

Aside from the population boom, this period also saw the rise of the peasant.
No longer were they treated as slaves. Lords would try to hire them up and got
into bidding wars with each other.

With new wealth came new wealthy. People migrated from poverty to middle class
to wealthy elite. The productive farms meant it was possible to invest in
settling new lands. After all, the population boom meant more people and more
mouths to feed and thus the necessity of more farms.

You are a lowly knight. You have proven your valor on the field of battle,
formed a close relationship with several others, and were deeded property by
your Lord or King. It's unsettled land, so you need to go out there, establish
your household, and then create a community where other households can
establish themselves.

The reason why people wouldn't move out is because they are already
established, or they fear the unknown. Out in the borders of the wilderness,
there are rumors of savage men and beasts, and unknown threats and terrors.
However, there are also rumors of gold, silver, and copper mines, rich and
abundant coal and iron mines. And there are always people who are trying to
make a name for themselves and their posterity.

You'll first focus on establishing your household. You arrive in early spring,
and set to work setting up a house, a storage area, walls and a simple farm.
In the meantime, you need your men-at-arms to patrol the area and report on
any threats outside your area. You may need to lead a party to address those
threats.

If you are able to make it for a few years, then you may see people approach
you to live on your land --- for a fee, of course. First will be the unsavory
types of farmers, people who can't seem to make it at home and who are going
to gamble it all away on the hopes of finding some land to call their own.
Then will come the merchants and tradesmen, who want to try a stab at their
craft far away from the prying eyes of established businesses. They'll want a
marketplace and a trade route established. Along with them comes clerics and
priests, demanding you build a church or even a cathedral, and surrender a
chunk of your fortune, time, and food for God! And then come the bandits,
plundering the hard work of your people.

You can choose to set up an outlaw town, where bandits are welcome, provided
they pay the tax --- under the table, of course. You can choose to set up a
pious city, where God is king and the people live according to the teachings
of the Bible. You can set up an industrial city, known for its swords, or
bows, or chainmail armor. Or perhaps you'll set up a city center, a nerve
center for the region, with a military strong enough to keep everyone in line
and commerce bustling.

Whatever you choose to do, it's your land and it's your choice.

That is, until rumors of war are heard again, and your lord asks you to send
30 men, well-equipped and trained, young, and ready for combat. Oh, and come
along with them, for you will be leading them into battle. Who was it you
appointed steward, and do you trust him not to embezzle you blind before your
return six months later?
